Improve connect_dbm_and_apm page structure and style (#36025)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/connect_dbm_and_apm.md

APM tracer integrations support a *Propagation Mode*, which controls the amount of information passed from applications to the database.

| Propagation mode | Description |
|:-----------------|:------------|
| `full` | Sends full trace information to the database, allowing you to investigate individual traces within DBM. This is the recommended solution for most integrations. |

> | `service` | Sends the service name, allowing you to understand which services are the contributors to database load. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `service` | Sends the service name, allowing you to understand which services contribute to database load. |
```

pip install psycopg2
```

For MongoDB, install pymongo:
```
pip install pymongo
```

> **Note**: MongoDB support requires `dd-trace-py` >= 3.5.0. If you need to upgrade: `pip install "ddtrace>=3.5.0"`.

Reviewer: Suggested update for consistency with command formatting (leaving this as a comment because the backticks were breaking GH "suggestion" formatting):

**Note**: MongoDB support requires `dd-trace-py` >= 3.5.0. If you need to upgrade: 
```
pip install "ddtrace>=3.5.0"
```

{{< img src="database_monitoring/dbm_filter_by_calling_service.png" alt="Filter your database hosts by the APM services that call them.">}}

> Filter the Database List to display only the database hosts that your specific APM services depend on. Identify if any of your downstream dependencies have blocking activity that may impact service performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter the Database List to display only the database hosts that your specific APM services depend on. Identify whether any of your downstream dependencies have blocking activity that may impact service performance.
```
